my guest tonight is more than 7,000
miles away but I feel like he couldn't
be closer he has a new movie on Netflix
called extraction streaming starting
Friday please welcome Chris Hemsworth
hello Chris hello night how's it going
it's gone all right how you doing how
are things in Australia like what's the
situation there right now ah things are
pretty good here I feel yeah we
flattened the curve and there's you know
discussions every day and updates about
lifting restrictions and so on
we thankfully you know we're very
fortunate we didn't have as an extreme
lockdown as many places in the world I'm
on it you know in a coastal town at the
moment which is pretty quiet so we're
not you know in a busy populated city I
feel for anyone who is but yeah juda
sort of you know the restrictions that
were put in place pretty early and
staying home things seem to sort of
stabilize so are people over there
hoarding toilet paper like they are here
my wife was ordering a box of toilet
paper like three months ago and instead
thought it was 15 rolls and ordered 15
boxes so unintentionally we went west
dogs we can boot like this stuff if need
be but we have to stain boxes of toilet
paper there that's nice
are your kids being homeschooled over
the computer right now are you doing it
yourself how is that working yeah yeah
over the computer meaning you know
they're watching YouTube and stuff I'm
trying I'm failing miserably
it's instead of you know four or five
hours of negotiation and then and
bribery and then maybe 20 minutes of
actual work if that and you know it's
all so everything's changed since I was
in school you know I was talking to the
teacher about it you know adding
subtracting so on it's not quite as
straightforward now there's all these
new little tricks and so on which I
don't understand so good luck me
teaching my kids so you are not helpful
in that regard no I'm just sort of I'm
just I'm just relaxed in the odd
they're gonna come out of this corn
chain you know our cue a little under
par have you been have you discovered
any new hobbies or things you like to do
now to pass the time I mean it's
actually really like mowing the lawn
I've got this kind of this ride on mower
a few months back and and it there's
something quite therapeutic about it and
it may be just you know a few hours of
escape from having to entertain three
kids 24/7 or teach kids it's usually
around school time that the lawns need
to be mowed conveniently suddenly the
law needs a mowing yeah honey that lawns
grown it's it's a jungle out they are
gonna get to it sorry a jungle out there
we always hear about how they're every
species of dangerous animal lives in
Australia and that everything there is
deadly it do you come across any animals
of that type especially when you're out
mowing the lawn or around your house in
general or is that overstated I mean
where we are in particular way kind of
right in among sort of rainforest thick
bush land it is the jungle you know in
where we actually live and often I mean
windows are gonna call in a few months
ago we had a babe you said whoever look
after the kids were a restaurant she
said there's a snake in the house and
send us a video of a little garden snake
that crept in and under the under the
oven the other day I was I was cleaning
out the garage and and I saw the
motorbike helmet I thought oh it's a
nice green scarf that's been shoved into
my motorbike helmet and it's all within
a second or two as I'm reaching for it
thinking it and then I put my hand on it
it's not a table scarf it's it's a
Python which is founder and comfort zone
but oh my god was it a different snake
do you know that you know which ones no
it was a tree snake - you know I'm
actually more much more sort of you know
wary of absurd consoling and cautious
than my wife is and whether or you can
put that down it yeah she's like just
you know if you know braver or not
intimidated he as he's the people
just an uneducated tourist can't
approach you know she's fine yeah
and you know she doesn't quite know that
maybe that's thank might kill you
I mean not the part obviously but I
assume all living beings are trying to
kill me that's right this is my cue
I run to the hills and tell her to
remove the deadly animal I have to say I
think given the choice between snakes in
the house and the coronavirus I would
rather have the virus outside I really
would yeah I don't go for that sort of
really all right so we come back I want
to ask about your new movie is on
Netflix which everyone in the whole
world has now there were like nine
people who didn't have Netflix before
this and now those nine have it too
Chris Hemsworth is with us we'll be
right back we are back with Chris
Hemsworth who has a new movie on Netflix
called extraction this is an action film
this is what we need to see right now
Chris it's it's adrenaline driven high
action you know to be honest when the
script came my way I had done plenty of
action films and and wasn't interested
in doing another one but this really
resonated in a different way it does
have a heartbeat at the center of it
it's a sort of action a hard film if you
could if you could combine the two but
we had Sam Hargrove who shot all the
action in lot of the Marvel films The
Avengers films he's the the director on
this film and the action and this is
unlike anything I've ever seen I've ever
been a part of
we did a with this 12 minute wanna which
is a series of continuous shots
seamlessly strung together to appear
like one tyke and it just meant there
was no hiding behind sort of stunt
doubles and switching out you know the
extra performers and so on it was kind
of you having to remember 4,000 moves of
choreography and you know did you know
going into it because the director is a
former stuntman that you were gonna have
to do that you really would have no
choice but to do a lot of those stunts
yourself I did and he had talked about
that and I said it robbed my eyes and
thought yeah I've heard or before and
then cut tuned we're in India shooting
this thing and it was just relentless
and any time I'd be sort of like you
know
I'm out I'm out I looked across at him
and he strapped himself to a front of a
car and he got the camera on or he'd be
diving across building filming you know
the shots and so he's kind of leading
the charge it's a little hard to not go
with that he ruined it for everyone is
what he did I was thinking about one of
the last times you were on our show when
we were in the studio and not in our
homes you're saying that you have Thor's
Hammer's at your house is that the house
where the hammers are this is this the
house where the hammers are there how
many of you how many hammers are in the
house to him is he actually
yeah can you show us a hammer show
you.if Oh God so oh wow
this is the original hammer from for one
is it heavier is it Hollow
it's got snow it's got some white do it
my kids uh you know slowly bit by bit
consider themselves worthy as they get
older and stronger and able to pick it
up so it does have some weight to it it
was sort of the walk and talk one the
stunt one is like firm and soft and
Hollow don't tell me don't be fun if you
stand that thing up and put some of your
many rolls of toilet paper on it you
could use that as a pretty pretty nifty
toilet paper holder this has a habit of
sort of dancing around at different
locations and Judith I put it on the
mantelpiece my wife puts it back in the
cupboard
I'll put it somewhere else in the
kitchen you know and then on this slide
it goes back in the cupboard so I think
the toilet she Marco you know that's a
pretty practical idea and worse comes to
worse you just reach out your hand and
it comes back to you well it's good to
see you give my oh my god oh you have
the ax to stolen that's got some if the
toilet paper situation gets tight you
could cut the rolls in half with that
thing
chris hemsworth thank you very much
Chris is charity and I just want to say
in advance
I very much appreciate you choosing this
charity is Children's Hospital Los
Angeles where my son was saved where
many children are saved and thank you
Chris for making that your charity of
the night tonight will be
making a donation in your name please go
to their website give CH la org thank
you Chris love to the family you see you
too Mike thank you very much
stay safe chris hemsworth we'll be right
back